Separate schema needed for operations from schema used to generate api spec (#23460)
directus/directus: .changeset/tiny-jeans-matter.md

---
"@directus/api": patch
---

> Fixed the OpenAPI specifications to include POST, PATCH and DELETE paths again

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed the generated OpenAPI specs to include POST, PATCH and DELETE paths again
```
